README.md, before:

# isybau2interlis
XML Stylesheet Transformation configuration to convert German wastewater infrastructure data in the ISYBAU format 
to the swiss VSA-DSS Mini data structure in the Interlis 2 geodata format.

# Useage
Download the repository.

Use the [XSLT stylesheet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XSLT) directly in an application, eg the [Python example](python_example.py)

This is currently in development. Please feel free to contact me regarding contribution/issues/improvements.

# Limits
Currently only the sewerage infrastructure data (Stammdaten) data group is supported.
Data not covered in the target model structure is not converted.
Bauwerk point types are not implemented (yet).

# Issues
See the GitHub Issues and ToDo comments in the code. This is very much an initial attempt.

# Outlook
Future work could include conversions to other swiss VSA/SIA models. 
In the meantime, the swiss VSA offer a 
[conversion service](https://vsa.ch/fachbereiche-cc/siedlungsentwaesserung/generelle-entwaesserungsplanung/datenmanagement/) 
between different VSA and SIA models. 

Inclusion of other ISYBAU data groups (eg: hydraulic and record of condition data).

Conversion of swiss VSA-DSS data to ISYBAU data (other direction).

Commit message:

Improvements including Bauwerk point support

README.md, after:

# isybau2interlis
XML Stylesheet Transformation configuration to convert German wastewater infrastructure data in the ISYBAU format 
to the swiss VSA-DSS Mini data structure in the Interlis 2 geodata format.

Tested with ISYBAU 2013 Example Stammdaten Data.

# Useage
Download the repository.

Use the [XSLT stylesheet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XSLT) directly in an application, eg the [Python example](python_example.py)

This is currently in development. Please feel free to contact me regarding contribution/issues/improvements.

# Limits
Currently only the sewerage infrastructure data (Stammdaten) data group is supported.
Data not covered in the target model structure is not converted.

# Issues
See the GitHub Issues and ToDo comments in the code.

The transformation has been used with test data with the 
following [point types (PunktattributAbwasser)](https://www.bfr-abwasser.de/html/A7-8-2Stammdaten.html#1694505):
AP, KOP, SMP,RAP, SE, RR, GA, GOK,DMP, SBD.
Other, more exotic, points may cause unexpected results for output point coordinates.

# Outlook
Future work could include conversions to other swiss VSA/SIA models. 
In the meantime, the swiss VSA offer a 
[conversion service](https://vsa.ch/fachbereiche-cc/siedlungsentwaesserung/generelle-entwaesserungsplanung/datenmanagement/) 
between different VSA and SIA models. 

Inclusion of other ISYBAU data groups (eg: hydraulic and record of condition data).

Conversion of swiss VSA-DSS data to ISYBAU data (other direction).
